Wang.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, look at how he looks like a dog.
Ha ha ha ha
I beg you to release them.
You must know
Dogs cannot bargain.
Remember, you can only save one now.
The last two I just played with you a little.
Do you really think I will do as you want?
Then you can't have a dog that lasts forever.
Anyway, you can't run now.
Have time to torture you
If you do not choose
The old man will choose for you.
And you?
Or do you choose Ms. Chu?
Let him live don't choose me.
Give Ms. Tinh a chance to live
Star?
You still haven't chosen.
Then I will choose for you.
Help you kill him first.
Stop it.
I got it.
Blue sister Blue sister
HAS.
We will see each other soon.
Pham Hien also handed over another set of Truong Sinh Tuoc, releasing the person first.
why did you save me
Why did you choose me?
Ha ha ha
It seems that boss Chu is not very grateful.
We'll push him out first.
don't touch me
Now I renounce my gratitude to you.
Captain.
I let you go?
I gave you all immortality.
What do you keep me for?
I must first practice this longevity technique.
If that is true
Naturally nothing.
Mostly fake.
You all must die.
After the training is completed is the day of your death.